Home.
Honey, you taught me
that a home
does not have to be a building.
Home exists within people
and the love within them.
God has willed it.
Glory be to God.
Praise be to God.
You led me through every storm that came.
You also said that they were not storms,
they were gifts from God.
Gandhi with his special condition,
and we are there for him.
Again you said,
"We are being elevated in God's eyes."
It was all just a process.
We just hadn't gotten used to it
and it turned out
that we could get through them.
In fact,
we received another wonderful gift
that we've been praying for
in every prayer.
- Praise be to God.
- All praises be to God.
Come on.
But God's trials don't come just once.
Mother!
Adenocarcinoma,
stage four.
We are asked to endure and be strong.
Because being strong is our only option.
Everyone who comes and goes
is only entrusted to us.
When God calls them home,
we must accept God's decision.
You often reminded me of that.
- Honey.
- Yes, honey?
- Honey, what's wrong?
Oh, God.
In the name of God. Oh, God.
Honey.
But I'm only human.
I can break down and lose my strength.
I had you. You were strong
and always standing tall,
protecting me and Gandhi.
But, you know,
what keeps ringing in my head…
What if being strong isn't enough?
Thank you.
What if things are still hard,
even after we let go?
God is the greatest.
What if I lose you?
Will you be strong?
Of course.
You're really gone.
Leaving behind a name and memories.
Being strong won't be the same
because you won't be there to support me.
Letting go will mean different things.
You won't be there to make me strong.
And home will never be the same
because you are not there.
And I… I will also never be the same
because the emptiness
you left behind is too vast.
I miss you. Oh, God,
I miss him.
ONE YEAR LATER
Gandhi doesn't want to eat, ma'am.
Here. Please eat some.
You're going to school.
You'll play with your friends later.
Eat first.
Gandhi, why don't you eat, dear?
Here's the thing, ma'am.
I told him
that you're going to school later.
Then Gandhi didn't want to eat.
It's okay, let me feed him.
Gandhi, dear.
Let's eat, okay? Here, I'll feed you.
We'll go to school after this.
- Ma'am.
- Yes.
Gandhi, are you mad at me?
Because I can't take you to school?
I'm sorry. I will go afterwards.
- Okay? Please look after him.
- Yes.
Peace be upon you.
ISLAMIC SCHOOL FOUNDATION
AL-KHAYR
Sir.
Sorry, I'm late.
Let's just go right in.
I remember the late Maulana
really wanted you
to replace him
as chairwoman of the foundation.
But I also have to be objective
because I am responsible
to make sure everything goes well.
I think,
moving forward, you can prepare
a better presentation.
Sir.
Thank you.
For being loyal to Maulana and our family
to take care of this foundation.
Moreover,
this past year,
you've been busy supporting me.
Moving forward,
I hope I won't be a burden to you.
But you'll have guidance, Latifah,
during the adaptation
and transition period.
Today, representatives from the center
will carry out an assessment.
Peace be upon you.
Upon you too, come in.
- Please, Mr. Arman.
- Thanks.
Mr. Sidik.
Mrs. Latifah.
This is Mr. Arman and this is Mr. Sidik.
They're both from the central foundation.
Mr. Arman is head of education
at the center.
They came from Surabaya
to oversee the chairman transition.
Hello, ma'am.
Looks like you already know each other?
We were college friends at Unpad.
Arman is my senior, sir.
- The same college?
- An old friend.
If that's the case,
I will leave it to Mr. Arman.
Let me show you the multimedia lab
which we discussed yesterday
for the Chromebooks program.
Yes, I'll be there, sir.
Sure thing.
This way, Mr. Sidik.
I'll go ahead, sir.
- Sure, Dik.
- He said "go ahead."
All of a sudden.
Want to take a walk?
Around this place?
How are you?
- Good?
- Thank God, good.
- And you?
- Thank God, I'm good too.
I didn't think you were
the owner of Al-Khayr Bogor.
I was never involved in the foundation.
But I often came here to see Maulana.
But since his passing,
I'm now the one taking care of it.
I'm sorry for your loss.
Sorry, I couldn't come
because my mom was in the hospital,
I must accompany her.
Yeah, it's fine.
How's your mother?
She's fine, thank God.
She's staying with me now.
It's been ten, 11 years
and we're a bit awkward, right?
Is it okay if I don't take you around?
Can you catch up with Mr. Wanto?
- It's fine, I'll catch up with Mr. Wanto.
- I'm sorry.
It's fine.
- Peace be upon you.
- Upon you too.
So, Latifah was your college friend?
- Yes.
- Her husband too?
Of course not. Just Latifah.
I knew her husband
from the Al-Khayr gathering
for all branches.
How was it?
He was a good man,
friendly, religious, intelligent.
That's why Al-Khayr Bogor
received many achievements.
Latifah, not the husband.
You said the husband.
Why would I ask
about her husband? Latifah.
How should I know? Sorry.
Latifah, huh?
Yeah. It's because
she's currently unstable.
Latifah, huh?
Latifah is a smart woman.
Top of her class in college.
She got the highest GPA in Psychology.
She also went on
to a Master's in Business.
But if it's about that, I don't know.
Why she seemed to be confused
during the presentation.
She's probably still mourning
her husband's death, right?
Maybe.
It's been a year.
She should've moved on by now.
But women are experts
in history, right, Man?
Archaeologists won't win against them.
But if I look at
how you explain it to her,
I don't think you were
just friends with Latifah.
Right?
Latifah is my ex.
You're dangerous, Man.
What do you mean?
So, you two might get back together?
Don't talk nonsense.
Who knows?
That's the past, Sidik.
Now we meet
only to take care of the foundation.
The past can be the future.
It's fine for the presentation,
but for the material,
at least someone will help you.
That's what I meant.
This is only a suggestion, ma'am.
What if you make a small team, ma'am?
Then put together competent teachers.
So we can get input
and perspectives from them, right?
I think so too.
That's good, then. Might as well ask
regarding this matter
from the teachers' point of view.
Thank you, Man.
Mr. Sidik.
Sure, ma'am.
Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.
I need to go.
Yes, no worries.
- It's okay, right?
- Sure.
Mr. Supri.
At the mechanic's?
Okay, I'll pick Gandhi up.
It's fine, I can order a taxi.
Fah, is Gandhi your son?
Want a ride?
No, I'll take a taxi.
No, I can take you.
It takes a while.
Bring the car to the lobby.
- Please.
- It's okay.
- But the taxi…
- Bring it to the lobby.
Mr. Sidik, don't.
Ordering a taxi takes too long.
It's urgent, right? Come. I'll take you.
- Is that okay, Man?
- Sure.
Arman.
Dik, I'll drive.
It's rare that you want to drive.
Get in.
Latifah.
Mrs. Latifah can sit in front.
- Will that be okay?
- Sure.
Yes, please.
Ready?
Gandhi, don't do that!
- Come here, Gandhi.
- Dear.
Don't! Gandhi. Don't do that!
Don't be like that! Gandhi.
Here, look.
This is Mom. Let go of your hand!
Let go!
Don't do that!
Put your hands down! Gandhi.
Enough. Don't do that!
Don't hit yourself!
Gandhi.
Hey, dear.
Are you angry?
Please forgive me.
Don't do that! You're a good kid, come.
Forgive me, okay?
Let's go home.
Come here.
I can.
I'll carry you.
Thank you.
Sorry, Gandhi's been
having tantrums all month,
more so since he lost his dino doll.
It's okay.
We both know.
Gandhi still can't express what he wants.
But his progress is good so far.
He already knows many colors.
Now he can also write.
For children with autism and ADHD,
as long as we're consistent
with the simulation,
that will help a lot.
Browsing for what?
ADHD.
What kind of food is that?
That's PHD.
I'll pull your hair.
Why is food always on your mind?
We're here to work, Sidik.
Not having a culinary trip,
not having a holiday.
Well, I thought that was a name for food.
What are you looking at?
Autism with ADHD.
About Latifah's son, huh?
Has she ever told you about this?
I told you already.
I haven't been
in contact with Latifah, Dik.
From a psychologist's point of view
like mine, Man,
I feel bad for Latifah.
How can she communicate with her son?
I feel bad for her son too.
She struggled to carry her son.
She's in dire need of a man
who can carry her son, right?
Calm down, smartass.
Yes, you're such a know-it-all.
Who knows if Latifah
is used to that, right?
I'm good at reading people's psychology.
I'm a psychology graduate too,
not only you and Latifah.
I also graduated from psychology.
I know you graduated from that.
But you skipped class.
I needed to socialize.
The lessons didn't only come from books.
We need to socialize too.
Look at me now.
Your subordinate, right?
Hello. Yes, I'm almost done, ma'am.
Thank you.
Peace be upon you.
- Peace on you.
- Upon you too.
Am I disturbing you?
Come in.
Are you working? Doing the presentation?
May I help you?
It's tidier.
You're more confident, right?
Won't be nervous,
you won't tremble presenting it?
Of course.
I see that Latifah thumbs up again.
Picking Gandhi up from school again?
Gandhi's off today to rest and get better.
Okay.
I… want to buy food,
Bogor food. Want to join?
I just told Mrs. Sum
that I'll finish soon.
I'll just go home.
Sure, no problem.
I was asking Sidik to tag along, actually.
But I had to compile
Mr. Dwi's presentation material.
By the time I finished, Sidik was gone.
That's your habit to lose track of time
while working.
- So he left you.
- Who taught me that?
- Okay, I'll get food by myself.
- Hold on.
Want me to come along
for some local Bogor food?
- But I can't stay long. Is that okay?
- Sure, that's fine.
Here! I think this is
the best Bogor noodle soup.
But I'm not sure if you'll like it.
Name one time I ever complained
about your food picks.
I remember the noodles
from Bandung in Kejaksaan.
I still remember.
You have something that no one else has.
I don't know what it's called,
but you can find good food
in hidden places like this.
Nowadays, kids call them "hidden gems."
That's called the art of living.
Don't you know that?
Finding the best way to survive.
Thanks, sir.
Finding cheap and good food.
That's a perfect combination.
We lost contact for a long time, huh?
Yeah.
Maulana was there for me through it all.
I needed him at that time.
Now too.
I'm sorry if this story makes you sad.
No worries.
You…
Since when did you know
about Gandhi's condition, Fah?
When he was two years old.
Yeah, two years old.
Oh, two years old.
He wasn't like the other kids.
He couldn't focus.
Okay.
I need to find time for him.
Take him for walks, into nature.
He likes nature a lot.
I want him to feel like
he has this time with me.
Man.
Why are you silent?
- Peace be upon you.
- Peace be on you.
- I'm home.
- Your mom's home.
- Ma'am.
This is Arman,
who brought us home from therapy.
- Yes, sir.
- How are you?
Good.
Gandhi, look who's here.
I'm Arman.
Hello, Gandhi. How are you?
I'm Arman, and I'm a friend of your mom.
I saw you yesterday, but you were asleep.
Do you like drawing?
What is this?
A tree and Dad.
A big tree.
Gandhi, do you like sightseeing?
- Sightseeing?
- Sightseeing.
- Do you like it? Nice.
- Let's go sightseeing with me.
Or how about if we go tomorrow?
You'll go sightseeing
with me, with Mrs. Sum.
With Uncle Arman too, okay?
Later, okay?
Ice cream!
- Be careful.
- Gandhi.
- Mom, ice cream.
- Watch your step.
Let's get some.
Man, he can't have ice cream.
- Oh, yeah?
- There's a limit.
So what do we do?
There's a limit,
so he can eat some, right?
Last time he had it was last year.
So can I get him some?
Just a bit, Man.
I'll go get some.
Gandhi, your mom said it's okay.
- What do you want?
- Ice cream.
There's vanilla,
strawberry, and chocolate.
- Vanilla.
- Okay!
Vanilla, sir.
One vanilla, please.
Yes, one vanilla. Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
Ice cream.
Okay. It's okay.
- Okay.
- Ice cream.
The ice cream is here.
- We got the ice cream already, dear.
- Ice cream.
- We got the ice cream already.
Yes, we got the ice cream.
- I bought it for you.
- Ice cream.
It's with your mom.
Gandhi, calm down, okay?
Calm down, Gandhi.
I'll get you
lots of ice cream later, okay?
Gandhi, dear.
Calm down. Here's the ice cream.
I don't even know how to thank you enough.
- Is it too much already?
- Yes, Fah. Enough with it.
I'm glad to see he's happy.
I like playing with him.
Why?
New experience, huh?
Yeah.
To me…
life is like a new page
that we have to turn every morning.
What we never know is
what the story will be on every page.
And I'm enjoying all the stories.
Including the stories with Gandhi.
You always amaze me, Fah.
What's so amazing?
All of it.
I just do what any mother would do
and now I need to be a father for him too.
Gandhi must have missed his father.
Of course.
That's for sure.
I also missed Arum.
Arum?
Yes, my daughter.
My daughter, Arum.
She's in the first grade.
She's very active.
She likes physical activities,
any physical activities.
Sorry.
I don't mean to compare
- Arum and Gandhi.
- No.
You're not comparing them.
- No, I'm afraid you're...
- No, all kids are special.
Thank God, Man.
I'm happy to see you're happy now.
- Thank God.
- Uncle.
Let's draw.
Okay.
Draw what?
Trees.
Trees? These trees?
Let me see.
Dinosaurs appear from these trees.
Bite.
Do you dare?
Then the dino goes up.
Gandhi.
Gandhi, look at the dino.
Does it hurt?
But if it hurts, it can be treated, okay?
Here. Right here.
Rum, Dad is calling you, dear.
Arum.
Peace be upon you.
Upon you too.
Busy? Why did you take so long to pick up?
Yeah, I'm busy persuading the cranky one.
Who's cranky? I'm not cranky.
So, someone wanted
to show off that she could ride the bike.
She called her dad who didn't pick it up.
Here, Rum, go talk with Dad.
I'm sorry, my beautiful daughter.
I had a lot of work,
but I'm calling you now.
Are you sure you don't want to talk to me?
If that's the case,
I won't bring any souvenirs.
Please bring souvenirs, Dad.
Yes, I'll bring you a souvenir.
So, what did you want to tell me
over the phone?
I can ride my bike really far now.
Some should accompany you
if you ride your bike far,
and please be careful.
Yes, I promise.
Let's switch, Rum,
I want to talk with Dad.
Honey, how are things going there?
Everything's good. Thank God.
Turns out the late Mr. Maulana's widow
is an old friend of mine.
That's nice, then.
Everything should go smoother.
Yes, it should be.
Peace be upon you.
Upon you too.
- Mrs. Ika.
- Mrs. Sum.
Mrs. Latifah home?
Yes. Hold on. I'll call her.
- Thank you, ma'am.
- Sure.
Ma'am.
Mrs. Ika.
Mrs. Latifah, sorry to come so late.
Just wanted to remind you
about the Community Leader election.
Don't forget to come.
It was Mr. Maulana who used to come.
Thank you for reminding me.
You're welcome, ma'am.
Ma'am, I also want to ask.
Is the guy who often comes here
Gandhi's future stepdad?
- No, he's...
- Thank God.
Gandhi got a new dad real quick.
I'm also happy for you, ma'am,
if he's your soon-to-be husband.
What's more, as women,
we must support each other,
giving our best.
You should get married soon.
He already has a family,
and we're just friends.
Is that so? He's just a friend?
But he often comes here.
But he's just a friend.
And he's someone's husband too.
Okay then.
Oh, one more thing, ma'am.
Peace be upon you.
Upon you too.
Sorry, Mr. Arman.
Mrs. Latifah is still busy
and can't be disturbed.
Okay.
But Gandhi?
Gandhi is home, but he's resting.
Is everyone okay?
- Draw.
- Latifah and Gandhi are fine.
Mom, draw.
- Sorry. I'm just relaying the message.
- Okay.
Yeah, it's fine, ma'am.
What are you drawing?
Sorry.
- Do tell Latifah.
- Uncle.
I'll relay that.
- Sightseeing. Uncle.
- Okay, I'll go now.
MOM - GANDHI - UNCLE
Please excuse me.
You're single now, right?
I don't want rumors to be spread, ma'am,
because Arman often comes here.
Go tidy up, Man! We're leaving soon.
Man!
Is this about Latifah?
Here, that's mine.
What now? We're leaving soon.
I'm confused, Dik.
What's wrong?
I'm confused about Latifah.
Everything was fine yesterday.
We went sightseeing to,
where was it again?
Bogor Botanical Gardens.
I drove her home too.
And then, after that…
She suddenly changed.
She didn't text me back.
I don't know
if this has anything to do with you.
But hear me out first.
Why? Did you hear anything?
You have a special relationship
with Latifah.
I only want to help Latifah and Gandhi.
What's wrong with that?
That's wrong.
You already have a wife.
Latifah is a widow.
You often go out with her.
What would people think?
What they think is wrong.
You may not care, but Latifah does.
She owns this foundation.
She's the chairwoman.
She can't ignore this kind of problem.
I'll be leaving for Surabaya, Mr. Wanto.
Sure, Mr. Arman.
Mr. Arman.
Sorry if… I'm overstepping.
If I may ask…
The nature of your relationship
with Mrs. Latifah?
My relationship?
Yes, because I've heard
from the foundation managers
that you and Mrs. Latifah
are now very close
and often go out together.
I'm afraid
people are going to start rumors.
I feel bad for Mrs. Latifah.
She has to raise Gandhi by herself.
Although, Gandhi is not her own son.
Peace be upon you.
- Upon you too.
- Dad!
How are you, Dad?
- Good.
- Dad, where's the souvenir for me?
God, I forgot
to get the souvenirs for Arum.
But it was a lie.
Look what Dad brought.
Wow.
Mom cooked a special meal for me.
Ox tail soup.
Wow.
Did you know?
During business day at my school,
Mom's cake sold out fast.
Oh, yeah? How much money did you earn?
Can I have some to get some ice cream?
I want to save it.
You want to save it? Good.
Widya is something else. She took Arum
early in the morning to shop,
then cook, and her food is delicious.
That's a must, Mom.
It's for welcoming my husband.
Is that how you keep your husband
in check?
Wherever your husband is.
There's a charm to it.
Love charm.
How did things go in Bogor
with the new foundation chairwoman?
What was her name? Latifah?
Yes, Latifah.
Latifah?
You know Latifah too?
Yes, I used to.
You're home, in front of your wife,
and still staring at your laptop?
Okay, honey.
There, I closed it.
What's wrong?
Tell me more. And our chat from dinner
wasn't finished either.
How things went in Bogor, and then…
What was her name…
Latifah.
Yes, Latifah. Turns out Mom knows her too?
Ya, she used to know her.
But she's a bit different from back then.
She was independent,
knew what she wanted to do,
but now her priorities might be different.
She seems to be struggling a bit.
Probably because of Gandhi.
And then she has to take care of
the foundation too.
Well, you know
how people from the foundation are.
- Who's Gandhi? Her son?
- Yes.
But I believe she can manage
because when she was in college,
she was concerned with education
and she was also thoughtful.
It's just a matter of adapting.
How can you be so sure?
You just reconnected with her.
I know her well, honey.
What's the matter?
- What's wrong?
- Nothing.
We chatted, right?
I think I'm tired. I want to sleep now.
We're done chatting?
No, I want to wake up early
to get Arum ready for school.
You know Latifah too?
Arman told me they were pretty close?
Used to be.
They used to be close, not with me.
But I don't think they're close now.
I never heard the name "Latifah," Mom.
Arman never said anything before.
Well, maybe because they haven't met
for a long time.
They've lost contact, so…
Maybe Arman thinks
there's nothing worth telling.
You know Nada, right?
The one whose mother had died.
They said that Nada
is going to get a new mom.
But her new mom lives far,
so Nada's changing schools.
I won't have a best friend
if Nada moves to another school.
Nada is my best friend, Dad.
I will definitely be sad if Nada moves.
But they said that Nada is happy
to have a new mom.
Are you listening to me?
Dad!
You're not listening, are you?
I heard you, dear.
What did I just tell you?
It's about your friend, Nada, right?
And then?
- Nada is your best friend, right?
- And then?
And Nada is happy to have a new mom?
But I'm sad, Dad.
Arum.
Don't talk to Dad like that.
Dad must be busy working,
so he couldn't concentrate on you.
Yeah, if you say so.
Arum.
What did you do? She's angry now.
Still occupied with Bogor?
Yeah, a bit. But it's done, honey.
Honey.
I think I need to go back
to Bogor to finalize the election
of the new foundation chairwoman.
But you just got back.
Yes, but there was a conversation
with Mr. Dwi about this.
But if you don't want me to leave,
I won't leave. I'll stay at home.
Of course not. Have I ever asked you
not to go to work?
You were great today, Gandhi!
I'm very proud of you.
He's very smart, ma'am.
God has willed it.
Did you order a taxi?
Yes. Mr. Supri was taking
Mrs. Sum somewhere.
How about the guy
who picked Gandhi up the other day?
He was my friend. He's not from here.
He just happened to be in the area.
Gandhi, I thought
you were going to have a new dad.
Sorry, ma'am. I didn't mean it.
- Sorry.
- It's okay.
- Peace be on you.
- Upon you too.
Uncle Arman!
Speak of the devil. We just mentioned you.
See you tomorrow, Gandhi.
Okay. Bye.
Please excuse me.
Yes.
- Gandhi, how are you?
- Good.
Hey, Fah.
Why didn't you reply to my messages?
You never took my calls.
Did I do something wrong?
Please forgive me.
I spoke to Sidik…
About the rumors in the foundation.
This is for the best, Man.
Mrs. Sum also spoke to me.
Mr. Wanto asked me about it.
The neighbors are gossiping.
Over time, these bad assumptions
aren't just about me,
they're about you too, Man.
Please forgive me
for putting you in a tough spot.
I forgot who I was too.
No way.
Oh, yeah.
The foundation's matter is finished.
It's best if we go back
to our own lives again.
Just like we were before we met?
What do you mean, Fah?
We can't do it, Fah.
There are still many things I want to do
to ease your burden, Fah.
I often think about Gandhi,
whether he's okay or not.
And you too.
So, you can't ask me to do that, Fah,
- to go back...
- It's different, Man.
It's already different.
You're someone's husband. I'm a widow.
People think of that, Man.
That's what people think, Fah.
They don't know how you and Gandhi feel.
- They don't know.
- Man.
If you care about Gandhi and I,
I ask that you stay away from me.
You didn't feel Gandhi's happiness
yesterday, Fah?
Your happiness, your lighter burden.
You didn't feel that?
I felt it, Man.
I was glad to see you and Gandhi happy.
I also saw Gandhi happy,
but what can I do now?
Any solutions?
There are none, right?
Do I need to marry you, Fah?
What?
Yes, do I need to marry you
to stop the negative chatter?
Man.
You already have a wife.
You have a daughter.
They're now waiting for you at home,
for you to come home.
I'm a woman, Man.
I know how Widya feels.
I'm sorry, I…
I feel it again, Fah.
I don't know why.
I care about you.
Sorry I have to say this, Fah.
I only want to be honest, Fah.
What about your wife?
Can you be honest with her?
You can't, can't you?
Latifah is your past.
Widya and Arum are waiting for you here.
They are your future.
Dad…
Thank you, Dad.
I'm praying together with you again.
If we feel we've made mistakes in life,
we need to repent to God and do better.
When we change for the better,
God will test us again
in this life, through our families,
society and more.
And when the trials
are given to us by God,
think of it as God's effort
to purify ourselves
as we head towards Him.
- Hi, honey.
- Honey.
Why aren't you ready for work?
I want to take a day off.
Where's Mom?
Mom went to Auntie's early this morning.
She said she'll be late, but it's Mom.
She'll stay there if it's too late.
What's wrong?
You've been quiet lately.
Hey, what's wrong?
I want to…
I want to talk.
About what?
About me.
But before I do, I want you to know…
That I really love you.
Very much.
Why are you talking about feelings?
What's wrong?
I haven't been completely honest with you.
About what?
Latifah.
She wasn't just a college friend.
I told you before
that we were close, right?
And?
We were about to get married.
Just listen.
I'm sorry.
I want to tell you…
I want you to know.
I don't know how.
The feelings that I have for you…
I have those same feelings
for Latifah too.
What do you mean?
The same feelings, what does it mean?
You're in love with her?
You're in love with Latifah?
What are "the same feelings"?
Don't compare me with that woman.
Don't get angry.
I don't mean to compare you
with anyone, not that.
I just don't want you
to take this the wrong way.
I don't want you to blame Latifah.
It's not her fault?
Are you defending her in front of me?
If it's not her fault, is it mine?
Listen…
You're crazy. You want my pity?
I'm not defending anyone.
I try to be honest.
I want to talk calmly.
Calmly?
How can I talk calmly
after you said those things?
So what do you want? A divorce?
Oh, God, who would want...
You want to choose her?
It's not divorce.
Then what? What haven't I done for you?
For Arum, for this family.
What haven't I done?
I'm sorry. It's my fault.
You've done everything.
You are an amazing woman.
A good mother. I'm happy with you.
- That's a lie!
- I do.
That's a lie! If you were happy,
you won't find other woman, Man.
I'm your wife. I can read you.
I've been suspicious lately,
but I tried hard to convince myself
I was just imagining it.
There's nothing going on.
But it's true, right?
You're cheating, right?
No, I didn't do anything.
Then what is this?
If you have feelings for her, what's that?
Isn't that cheating?
You're crazy, Man!
I'm devastated.
Why are you awake?
Why are you sleeping with me
all of a sudden?
I miss you.
I like sleeping next to you.
Dad, don't be gone too long, okay?
I miss you when you're gone.
Gandhi, dear.
Let's stop drawing, okay?
Finish it tomorrow.
You need to sleep now. Come on, dear.
Mom.
Where is Uncle?
Uncle sightseeing.
I miss Uncle.
Be patient.
I know you're a strong woman…
And never feel alone.
Arum.
Man. Where's Widya?
Man.
Why did Widya text me,
entrusting the house to me?
Where are Widya and Arum?
Man, answer me.
I don't know, Mom.
The house was empty when I got here.
They're gone.
Widya also didn't take up my calls.
Auntie, this can't be.
Widya always picks up her phone.
Widya always picks up a call from you.
What's going on, Man?
Explain. What's happening?
Where are Widya and Arum?
Man?
Answer me.
I told Widya the truth, Mom,
about my feelings for Latifah.
Feelings?
What feelings do you have for Latifah?
I'm asking you.
Don't you get it, Man?
You've hurt Widya's feelings.
How could you?
How could you be this stupid, Man?
I've told you many times.
This is it. This is what I was afraid of.
I only wanted to be honest
with Widya, Mom.
I don't want to lie to her.
I don't want a divorce.
I don't, but I also don't get
why my feelings for Latifah are back.
I don't know, Mom.
Feelings? Your feelings?
You talked about how you feel?
Did you think about Widya's feelings?
Did you think about Arum's feelings?
Man.
You…
Do you know?
I'm also a woman, Man.
Auntie is also a woman.
We know exactly how it feels
to be hurt by our spouse.
Man.
Do you know?
When a woman is hurt,
they keep their feelings bottled up.
And that hurts a lot more.
I can't imagine how Widya feels right now.
Widya must be devastated because of you!
But Dad won't leave
for long again, right, Mom?
Dad promised me
that he won't be gone for long again.
Yes, dear.
Wid, I know how you feel. Let's meet up.
I thought I was happy with Arman, Auntie.
Nothing lacking in our family.
But now I don't know what to believe.
I don't think
I even believe in myself anymore.
I've been thinking since yesterday.
Is it true that it's my fault?
Could it be because I can't keep up
with Arman?
Never listen to what Arman wants?
What does Latifah have
that I don't, Auntie?
Don't blame yourself.
You're not Latifah.
And the problem isn't with you, Wid.
I can't bear to lose Arman, Auntie.
But I also can't stand
if I have to share Arman with Latifah.
I've never dreamed of going through
something like this, Auntie.
I understand what it feels like
to be betrayed, lied to.
When your uncle remarried,
I heard it from someone else.
Be patient, be strong.
Be calm. Keep your mind clear.
Arman still wants to save your marriage.
Talk, think,
and decide, okay?
You have to think of Arum, dear.
Arum doesn't know anything.
Be strong, okay?
Dad.
Let's go home, okay?
Let's go home, honey.
I'm sorry.
I'm happy to have you and Arum.
Happy.
But on how my feelings suddenly grew,
I also can't…
Yes. You let those feelings grow.
You don't even remember that me and Arum
are waiting for you.
I always remember you and Arum, honey.
Never have I forgotten about
you and Arum, never.
It's exactly because of how I feel
about you and Arum.
That's what made my feelings
for Latifah and Gandhi grow,
to protect them, honey.
I know the time and history
I have with Latifah,
we should have been apart.
I know I'm guilty for that.
But I'd be more guilty
if I didn't tell you the truth
about it all, honey.
So?
When you see Latifah
with those feelings of yours…
Did you consider my feelings, Man?
How could you?
You made me question myself.
I'm sorry, okay?
I want to see that woman.
You know Arman has feelings for you?
You have the same feelings for Arman too?
Why are you quiet?
Are you confused about your own feelings?
Do you know that Arman wants to marry you?
Arman is my past.
If you knew you had a past with him,
you shouldn't rekindle things, right?
Even as friends.
Or are you deliberately
looking for a new husband?
I am on my own…
But I can manage that.
No one can replace my husband.
So what's this all about?
Hold on.
Hello, ma'am.
Try giving him the vomiting pill.
Yes, I'll be home in a minute.
Peace be upon you.
Sorry, I have to go home.
Fah…
- Yeah?
- What's wrong?
Not your business, Man.
It's Gandhi, huh?
I'll take you.
- This isn't the time...
- Latifah, if you order a taxi,
it'll take longer.
You're in a rush, right?
I'll take you, okay?
Wid?
I have to work.
Mr. Wanto needs me for a meeting.
Sorry, I can't take you to the hotel.
I ordered a taxi.
Can you go back by yourself?
Okay.
- I'll let you know.
- Thank you.
Peace be on you.
Upon you too.
Gandhi, please eat at the table…
It's the usual food.
It's Gandhi's favorite.
- How could this be?
- I don't know, he vomited.
- Gandhi vomited.
- Vomit.
If he eats,
he'll vomit after half an hour, ma'am.
Do you still want to vomit?
No? I'll make you some porridge.
- So you can eat.
- No…
Please eat, dear.
- You have to eat.
- No…
- I'll make the porridge, okay?
- Just a minute. Ma'am.
- No…
- I'll make you some porridge.
Let me make the porridge.
Thank you, Wid.
Gandhi, dear. Eat first, okay?
Dad.
Wid. The tea.
Has the fever subsided?
- Thank you.
- Sure.
I heard from Arman
that Gandhi isn't yours?
Love doesn't have to be…
Blood-related, right?
Whatever Gandhi's condition is…
I'm just trying to be
a good mother to Gandhi.
When I was small,
I saw my mom devote her life
to take care of Damar and I.
It's not easy.
If I were in her position,
I might not be able to manage.
My late brother was also born
with special needs.
Mom was our home, Fah.
Being a mother means being ready
to sacrifice anything
to provide a warm and loving home.
I don't want to wreck that home.
I know that Arman is really happy
with you and Arum.
I'm sorry, Wid.
Do you know the consequences
of Arman marrying you?
Are you ready to be the second wife?
I can't give you an answer to that.
Even to myself.
Wid, thank you.
You've helped me with Gandhi.
Don't mention it, Fah.
Gandhi…
We will draw more some other time, okay?
Gandhi and me.
But I need to go back
to Surabaya for now, okay?
No! You can't leave!
- Stay with me.
- Just a while.
- You can't leave!
- Only for a while.
You can't leave!
- Stay with me!
- Listen.
- You can't! Uncle and me!
- Yes…
- Stay here! Don't leave!
- Not for long.
Don't. Uncle Arman
and Aunt Widya are going home.
- I'm only going home for a while.
- I'm here with you, dear.
- Gandhi, come…
- You can't leave.
- Stay with me. You can't.
- Listen to me, Gandhi.
- You're a good boy.
- No.
You can't!
Gandhi…
Gandhi loves Uncle Arman?
I love Uncle.
Dear, may I borrow Uncle Arman for a bit?
Okay?
Just for a while.
He'll come back to play with you.
Draw with you.
Let me borrow him, dear. Okay?
Don't be sad, dear.
It's only for a while.
I promise you he won't be gone for long.
Don't be sad, okay?
We'll be going now.
Bye, Fah.
- Peace be upon you.
- Upon you too.
You said you wanted to fight
for our little family.
But at the same time,
you brought another family into our lives.
If you want to have
two women in your life,
it means you're ready to be responsible.
Being fair isn't judged by you, Man.
But by Latifah and me.
Thanks for letting me see Latifah.
Now I understand
why you want to be there for them.
She's an independent and resilient woman.
I know how hard it is
to raise a kid like Gandhi.
You're as amazing as your mom, Wid.
I leave this for Gandhi.
I hope he likes and enjoys it.
As much as I hope that Arum will be happy
to have Gandhi as her brother.
Peace be upon you.
- Mom!
- Arum, I missed you so much. Greetings.
Where's Dad, Mom?
Dad is still in Bogor, dear.
Mom.
Auntie.
Where's Arman?
Thank you
for helping Gandhi and I yesterday.
Sorry Gandhi made Arman stay in Bogor.
He said he likes the porridge.
It's fine. Arman can stay
until Gandhi is well.
Wid.
Yes, Mom?
Wid, what is going on?
Why didn't Arman return with you?
I will definitely tell you, Mom.
But not now.
I brought a souvenir from Bogor, Mom.
Try it.
The sun.
Trees.
The sun…
It hurts… It hurts…
Draw…
Draw!
Gandhi, it's me. How did this happen?
I wanted to help, ma'am.
But he was enraged.
- Draw…
- It's okay, I'm here now.
Thank you.
Sure.
Yes, Fah.
Upon you too.
God is the greatest.
Latifah can't come, honey.
Gandhi has been throwing tantrums.
He just fell off his bike.
How can he fall?
So how's Gandhi now?
He's fine. Only a small scratch.
But the tantrum is still going.
Poor Gandhi.
Who takes care of Gandhi
with Latifah? Mrs. Sum?
There's Mr. Supri too. But he went home
to his family in his hometown
because they're coming to Surabaya.
And if Gandhi needs to go to the clinic?
Who'll take them?
Arum…
Arum, please stop crying.
Grandma is preparing your birthday cake.
I saw the cake, it's so pretty.
Do you want to help Grandma?
Okay, I'll help Grandma.
Preparing my cake for my friends.
Don't cry anymore, okay?
Wid.
Where's Arman?
Gandhi is fine.
It's Arum's birthday. She needs her dad,
she'll be upset.
I told you already.
Widya and I had agreed.
Latifah.
I came here to take care of you.
- I...
- Widya asked me...
Right, Widya asked you, but I'm asking you
to go back to Surabaya now.
Mom…
I know choosing is tough.
So, I have decided
that Arman mustn't choose
between me or Latifah.
What do you mean?
I care about you Fah.
Gandhi's condition is crucial.
I'm his mother, Man.
Gandhi has his mom and Mrs. Sum here.
I can take him to the hospital myself.
I won't just do nothing.
Arum needs her father now.
- It's her birthday.
- I don't understand your thinking.
I don't understand your thinking.
I met Latifah and Gandhi, Mom.
Now I understand
why Arman wants to protect them.
They need a family too, Mom.
Wid…
I know Latifah very well, Wid.
Latifah is selfish.
She only thinks of her ambitions
and not her family.
Can you be fair, Man?
Widya might be able to accept it.
But not me.
I feel very bad, Man.
Do you remember Damar?
Your brother?
Your late brother, right?
I know how troublesome it was
to take care of Damar, Mom.
My mom had to sacrifice everything
for Damar.
And when I saw
Latifah and Gandhi yesterday,
it felt like I was seeing
my mom with Damar again, Mom.
I wish I had been
more supportive of my mom.
I wish I had never asked
for fairness from my mom.
I wish I had never been ashamed
of Damar's condition, Mom.
I wish I had been more careful
and helped my mom take care of Damar,
Damar and my mom
would still be around, Mom.
That accident wouldn't have happened.
I'm sorry.
I'll go.
I know the situation will be bad
if I stay here.
It will go on like this.
The arguing will persist.
This is also God's will, Mom.
I'm sure God wanted me
to meet Latifah and Gandhi
so I can make up for my mistakes.
I also don't know what the future will be,
but what I do know now
is that God gave me this path
for me to reach heaven's door, Mom.
Arman too.
Peace be on you.
Dad!
My lovely daughter.
- Fah.
- Wid.
You are finally here.
- Mrs. Sum.
- Ma'am.
Gandhi.
This is Arum. Arum, this is Aunt Latifah.
Hello, dear.
This is Mrs. Sum.
This is Gandhi who video-called you.
Hi, I'm Arum, do you remember me?
Give greetings, dear.
I have a bike.
Do you want to ride the bike with me?
Bike!
- Bike!
- Okay. Let's go ride the bike.
Be careful with your bike, Arum.
Watch them.
Gandhi, careful. Ma'am, watch them.
Ma'am.
Ma'am…
How are you, ma'am?
Thank God, I'm well.
I'm good.
Gandhi was tired
from riding the bike, Mom.
So, he went to sleep with Mrs. Sum.
That's fine. Gandhi's tired
from the trip from Bogor.
Okay then, I want to try
my favorite souvenir from Bogor.
- Sure, try it.
- Which one do you want? There's cake…
This is Lapis Bogor.
There are crackers too.
- There are sticks.
- Which one do you want?
Ma'am, do you need any help?
No need.
Please forgive me if I created
an unpleasant atmosphere in this house.
I don't want to wreck this family, ma'am.
But every time I'm with Arman and Widya,
I feel like I have a family, ma'am.
I feel complete, ma'am.
Not lonely anymore.
Ma'am…
Whatever mistakes I made in the past
and make in the future,
please forgive me, ma'am.
Are you okay, honey?
Why are you asking that?
Today, it's,
I'm going to…
Everything we're going through now
is between us and God.
I'm happy Latifah is destined
to be our family
and, God willing, I'm sincere.
- Ma'am.
- Yes.
Ma'am.
It's Gandhi, ma'am.
Gandhi isn't in his room.
- What?
- I can't find him. He's gone.
I can't find him.
- What do you mean?
- I don't know.
And Arum is gone too.
Her bike is missing, ma'am.
- Fah.
- Wid.
Man? Where's Gandhi?
Okay, please calm down. Calm down.
I'll look for Gandhi with Mr. Supri.
- You stay here, okay?
- I can't stay here.
- He's gone, I need to find him.
- I'll go.
- Yeah.
Everyone, calm down. Wait, okay?
We'll use the car.
We have to go.
Why is Dad marrying Aunt Latifah, Mom?
Aunt Latifah is going to marry Dad.
After that,
Gandhi will become your brother.
Where are you going?
You're not going to die, right?
Why did you ask that, dear?
My friend, Nada, has a new mom
because her mom died.
If I had a new mom,
I don't want you to die.
No, Arum…
Dad! You can't!
- Gandhi!
- Dad! You can't.
- We'll put it up again.
You can't!
Dad…
You can't. Dad…
- Wid, that's Gandhi's bike.
- Where?
Here, Fah.
Honey…
You're a boy. You have to love your mom.
A boy must take care of his mother.
- Mom.
- Love.
- The dino?
- Dino.
- Okay.
Gandhi, Arum.
Arum.
Mom.
Arum, Mom.
Please forgive me, Mom.
It's okay, dear.
Forgive Arum for making you worry.
No, dear. It's okay.
Arum.
Please forgive me…
Please forgive me
for making you worry.
Arum, dear.
I'm the one who needs to apologize to you.
Please forgive me.
I love you.
I also love you and Gandhi.
I want to have a brother like Gandhi.
I don't want to lose Gandhi,
but I also don't want to lose my mom.
No, dear.
Dear, listen to me.
You won't lose the people you love.
Trust me.
Fah, it's going to start.
Honey, she's still inside?
She's not answering.
Fah…
- Are you ready?
- Come on, Fah.
Wid, Man…
I want to talk.
I'm grateful to have you both.
Wid.
You can accept me and Gandhi.
Man.
You can be Gandhi's father figure.
Fah, what is this about?
Marriage is not about what we want.
Let's sit. Let's talk while we sit.
Wid… Marriage is about
finding God's paradise.
And I don't want that paradise
to turn into hell for us.
There are many paths
leading toward heaven's door.
Maybe this isn't my path.
Arman…
I'm sure you will treat me
and Widya the same.
There's no first wife.
There's no second wife.
We are wives.
This decision is purely mine.
I've been wanting to say this for a while
but I didn't have the courage to do so.
I don't want to lose my family.
You are my new family.
The more I see the sincerity from you,
the more I'm not sure about this marriage.
Are you sure
this is the best for you, Fah?
Widya.
Please forgive me.
It's not that.
You don't have to apologize.
I'm also a woman, Fah.
I understand.
But one thing you need to remember…
Whether this marriage happens or not,
we're still your family.
Me. Arman.
Arum.
We'll always be there for you and Gandhi.
Thank you, Wid.
You have such a big heart.
Please forgive me.
Forgive me, Wid.
I brought you into this path.
I've hurt you.
I got you into a difficult situation.
This is the way, Man.
There's nothing to regret.
What happened between you, me and Latifah,
that was our way to get closer to God.
Let's… turn a new page, okay?
And fill the story…
With happiness.
Even though Arman and I
didn't get married,
we'll still be a family who looks out for
each other with care.
- Blow out the candles!
- Blow it first.